One of the things that kind of makes working with for loops easier is if I don't specify a particular
builtin iterator like I do here with keys or it could be values or it could be entry's if I don't specify
one of those iterators.
The for loop will use a default iterator for these different collection types.
So if you're working with an array or if you're working with a set the default entry or Scuse me the
default iterator is going to be values so you can see I saved it here and if I change this to values
it has the same exact result for colors the array and for tracking the values right here you could see
it has the same exact result.
So the default iterator if you don't specify one for sets and for arrays is to use the builtin values
iterator.
On the other hand if you're working with maps as you can see here the default iterator to be used if
you don't specify an iterator when you use a for loop with a map is actually the entries iterator right
here.
So essentially it's the same format that we might use to initialize a map if I just do an example map
right here.
We'll just call it a map like so you don't have to copy this.
And then I did new map.
You can see if you remember correctly we pass in an array and then every item in the array is an array
itself where it has a name and then a value.
So like so.
So it's the same exact format right here as the default iterator.
What it will actually return with that being said as you already noticed from our previous lesson whenever
we check to see if weak maps and weak sets were iterable they're not iterable because they don't have
a built in iterator.
And the reason for that is whenever you work with a weak sets or weak maps it's almost impossible to
know exactly how many values are inside of that data collection.
And for that reason you can't use it with an iterator because in order to use an iterator you have to
know how many values are inside of that collection.